for the past two years I haven't been
very healthy unfortunately I was
diagnosed with cancer over the past 12
months and prior to that actually I was
diagnosed with ulcerative colitis and
thyroiditis so for the past two years I
haven't been very healthy and I've been
feeling overall pretty crummy you feel
such a sense of helplessness you feel a
lack of control over your entire life
you're at the mercy of doctors and
chemicals lust every ounce of my hair I
lost every hair on my head and then I
just covered my head up with wigs but
you know at the end of the day when
you're taking your wig off it you know
and you have to see the result of the
chemotherapy it's really hard you know
on your psyche I was amazed at how
quickly I saw results from the
nutribullet I was so excited because
actually the next morning when I made my
second nutriblast
I forgot to drink coffee I was full of
energy and for the first time in two
years I didn't need to take a nap so for
me to feel immediate results which I
didn't expect you know I did have
expectations with the whole program but
to feel it after the second nutriblast
was a miracle to me I was so excited one
of the best things about the nutribullet
is that it's not a blender it's
something that polarizes everything that
you put in it and you're extracting the
nutrients out of these whole foods so
you're getting the maximum benefit by
everything that you're putting in there
the vegetables the fruits the booths all
are going right into my system I don't
think that my body has to work as hard
to digest anymore so now it's able to
absorb all the nutrients that you know
from vegetables and from fruits and it's
probably about three weeks into the
program my hair just went through this
growth spurt and people are asking me
you know what happened because I didn't
have a whole lot of hair before I
started I feel way better now than I did
before I was diagnosed with cancer I was
just telling somebody I started this
year off fighting for my life I'm ending
the year feeling
better than I've felt in years totally
given me hope you know and I didn't have
that and I just feel wonderful and I'm
so grateful for everything you've done
thank you so much than the bottom of my
heart you guys are awesome and I hope
that this can help other people